How many Republicans is a regional entity needs to be tackled and more needs to be done to be overwhelming.
Even to be bipartisan, obviously, in the end, her hand was forced and you have an impeachment. That was neither overwhelmingly nor bipartisan and you have a president that will undoubtedly he
He was
Very permission to action, the action.
Of the campaign around
The
Survive.
Survive. It's a
It's
A reality or female, all of them, the extent it the way
It here he is going to impact famously said over and over every employee counter
Counter on followers sure will answer to that.
As the chief executive.
And
Are very few people
Who bring him in. Bring him back from that brink of near catastrophe and they came to
La for a long time.
Order in near the
Alliance on Apple
Has been very successful in its way. So far from me from using Twitter for the normally would.
Right now that that syntax about the sense that the President has as
He it's time to sing.
And after
He has very little fear.
After this, and so
Now, how he exercises this agent.
The world, which is the nationalist gets empowered and starts to grading the institutions that particular right and in terms of sort of important
Or cat.
Magnets
Drop the farmers.
Agent and
If people are that simply don't
Have your
Product.
It's
A
Sacrifice
So it will take
With
Our
Ads.
Than sense that air pollution that's present
Here is all for not a whistleblower. It's an important
Mary Kastner: contenders say it shouldn't happen just this shouldn't happen. I mean, that's not saying it was criminal. It was, you know, certainly not it.
Mary Kastner: shouldn't happen right here you have enough to say more than this wasn't the perfect call and to follow up on serious point about the binding in this question and you would have
Created
That. And now, according to the house managers.
Meeting itself so
You're out there.
That's the patient.
Enough rather than going
In general, or something else that's the big thing go live.
Evidence
Agent
may mean
That it's been done and
There's an extension of
Certainly an option and how to get it rolling that out and grab rushing
And do they want to add on to our weapons weapons. I have a department now.
They are in a
House.
Right now of
COURSE IS GOING TO THEM OUT HIS BOOK IS COMING UP. Are you seeing chords grids and grab headlines.
You are eager to meet
You okay, anything
Any revelation
Numbering before
Own Count with me just open as a record.
All of that. It's true. It's still arrives.
Inappropriate in wrong and look
At
Czech
Republic.
Of course,
And
Even more public
Supporters there are four major for me, that's perfect.
And who is probably one of the arguments if it's not cross the line, we want to we want to let him know that and it will require more space for the fact that
It's
Wrong appropriate word tomorrow then
A lot of it is a triangle.
Of Trump
Trump
Supporters in
Order to
Drought is the name
And then all
Of his temperament is behavior and a lovely night and say, look, you know, it is and and eternally serious
Hence, all for show and look at the results or is it well each
On our
Needs.
In the direct
Route
Is in
The
Center that don't think they're all really seriously, it's when it's mates out there. But if you
Sell
To them always
So well for the for the night when you really want to stick their neck out the form in the monitors and grabs a ride in the morning, say into the abstract. Another thing they were in
That sense that
It's hurts on the Republican Party.
Hello learned after 2016 for me ever again. So I live.
I do think
They are very shortly. Now,
For a time,
For the next nine months.
Get
Health care. We want better every day to day lives democrats
Will be energized by prospect of defeating and
I figured out there for a long
Time actual
Credit report.
It's going
To be
Suddenly, there is additional people to
Help people
So, it
was easy.
For you.
New York
And we're
Live
On
Salary
Support
Around the world.
Of the election security.
Voting
The battle over over
The roadmap.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so I have Shane the Van Winkle Mr and number 3295 he's here to continue his 70 text and you said you overdosed on heroin. Yes.
Mary Kastner: When was that
Shane Vanwinkle: It was almost three years about three weeks ago.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Is that your first overdose.
Yes.
Mary Kastner: And what happened after that.
Shane Vanwinkle: I've been on several texts ever since.
The hospital somebody
Mary Kastner: Somebody found you, or you were just taken to the hospital or
Shane Vanwinkle: Yes, my brother in law family.
Mary Kastner: And then you went to the hospital ambulance.
Mary Kastner: Yes. Okay. And then you just charge you with subjects.
Mary Kastner: Yes. Okay. Do you have a narc can kit.
Mary Kastner: Yes. Okay. When's the last time you had any air one
Shane Vanwinkle: Last time
Mary Kastner: Okay. When did you start here, when
Shane Vanwinkle: I was doing it for about 10 years so
Shane Vanwinkle: Maybe
Mary Kastner: And how did you get involved with that.
Shane Vanwinkle: Just friends.
Shane Vanwinkle: Friends.
Mary Kastner: Friends, had you been using any, any other kind of substances prior to that.
No.
Mary Kastner: So you're
Mary Kastner: 34 so about when you were 24 you started just using heroin without using any pills or any. Anything else before that.
Yeah.
Shane Vanwinkle: Mm hmm.
Mary Kastner: And how much hair when we using a day.
Shane Vanwinkle: Obviously, as much as possible.
Shane Vanwinkle: Probably a couple grams.
Mary Kastner: Okay. And how did you use it.
Injection
Mary Kastner: Okay. Can you show me where you would inject
Shane Vanwinkle: Most of the time, I'd be in my stomach on the side of my stomach.
Shane Vanwinkle: Just. Wherever, wherever really in my legs, my stomach.
Mary Kastner: So you didn't go into a vein.
Shane Vanwinkle: Yeah, yeah, I was in vain.
Mary Kastner: Your stomach. That's interesting. That's not usually easier to find. And can I see your legs. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Try and scaly is what I see.
Mary Kastner: Yeah. Have they always been that way.
Shane Vanwinkle: No, they just started being night that right. Four years ago, five years ago.
Shane Vanwinkle: Actually just received social security for for my legs be mess.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, can I see the veins and your legs. Can you sit down, maybe, and just show me your legs.
Shane Vanwinkle: Not sure if you'll be able to see the veins.
Mary Kastner: No. Yeah. Okay, keep keep keep at it here.
Mary Kastner: So it looks like there could be a little abscess on the interior. Is that your left leg.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, old abscess scar.
Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Boy, those legs almost look like you have a circulation problem.
Shane Vanwinkle: Yeah, I had, I had a blood clots in both legs so
Mary Kastner: Oh, okay.
Mary Kastner: And you just got Social Security Disability years
Mary Kastner: Okay, can I see the other leg. Are you able to sit down. Is there a chair out there.
Shane Vanwinkle: Yeah, I'm sitting down. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Because what you're showing me is like a person who has peripheral vascular disease.
Mary Kastner: Probably ever said that to you.
Know,
Mary Kastner: Did you have any other skin problems.
No.
Mary Kastner: No. Okay. You never injected
In the arms.
Shane Vanwinkle: Well yeah, I have in my neck injected, pretty much everybody.
Shane Vanwinkle: Can really i mean
Shane Vanwinkle: I don't have track marks like I haven't used so
Shane Vanwinkle: But most, the most the time, I just
Shane Vanwinkle: In my stomach or in my, you know,
Mary Kastner: Yeah, the stomach. What I saw there was just like
Mary Kastner: Small puncture wounds.
Shane Vanwinkle: around on your
Mary Kastner: Yeah, I can see I can see some track marks on your stomach.
Mary Kastner: To the, to the side of your belly button. Yeah, like this and some bruising.
Mary Kastner: Okay, how about your arms. Can you show me those
Mary Kastner: Okay tattoo on your right arm of a skeleton, but I don't see the veins circle but discolored around and a cubicle fossa.
Mary Kastner: And that's the right arm. What about the left arm.
Mary Kastner: Same way tattoo.
Mary Kastner: Kind of covering it up.
Mary Kastner: Don't see a whole lot about your neck. Let me see your neck.
Mary Kastner: Another chat shoe on the right neck.
You
Mary Kastner: Don't see any markings there. Good. Well, I'm glad you stopped because the impurities in heroin can
Mary Kastner: Break off and go right to the heart valve.
Mary Kastner: Is called bacterial in cart endocarditis. And if you've ever seen mistletoe in a tree. It's sort of like that. It sort of attaches
Mary Kastner: To the valve and each time the valve opens that mistletoe or that impurity flies and if it just detaches then it can go and cause a heart attack or a pulmonary embolism. So it's very, very dangerous.
Mary Kastner: So I'm curious why they gave you some text instead of Suboxone
Shane Vanwinkle: I'm not sure.
Mary Kastner: You're not sure. Okay, this
Shane Vanwinkle: Is what the doctor gave me I'm not really sure why.
Mary Kastner: And how much are you smoking.
Shane Vanwinkle: Probably a half a pack a day.
Mary Kastner: Can you tell me how anxious, you are right now 10 being the most anxious. You've ever been.
Shane Vanwinkle: Honestly, the subjects makes me not really anxious. Like, I don't really have no desire.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and how are you depressed at all.
Mary Kastner: No good.
Shane Vanwinkle: I'm actually doing pretty good with the Suboxone
Okay, okay.
Mary Kastner: So your audit see score zero, meaning you don't drink at all. Is that correct,
Shane Vanwinkle: Yeah I don't drink.
Mary Kastner: And the Gaston scores five, you don't have a cures report. Would you happen to go under another name.
No.
Mary Kastner: It's always Shane Van Winkle
Mary Kastner: Yeah, and the Winkle is not capitalized. So it's not. It's just goes with it after the end
Mary Kastner: Yeah, and your birth date is 1212 1985
Mary Kastner: Yes. Yeah, where are you getting texts from
Shane Vanwinkle: Hospital. I go, every time I need a refill, I think, give me a weeks.
Shane Vanwinkle: And weeks. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Well, probably just sit hasn't hit the state register yet but that's what the cures report isn't I don't find anything.
Shane Vanwinkle: Maybe on the van, or maybe space it after van.
Shane Vanwinkle: Winkle
Mary Kastner: Well, that's why you know I asked about that because it didn't make a lot of sense that I wasn't getting anything
Mary Kastner: Are you having any pain.
Shane Vanwinkle: In my lower back.
Mary Kastner: I bet. What's the level of pain.
Shane Vanwinkle: Right now, it's probably a five, but it's been pretty bad. The last week. It's been hurting for about a week.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and that's you said in your neck.
Shane Vanwinkle: No, my lower back.
Mary Kastner: Lower back. Okay, and what's causing that.
Shane Vanwinkle: I'm not sure.
Shane Vanwinkle: It could be just a mixture of getting off the heroin and sleeping in the bed that I'm in, or I'm not really sure.
Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Are you having any withdrawal symptoms. Now,
Shane Vanwinkle: No. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Feeling agitated or
Shane Vanwinkle: No.
Mary Kastner: You said no anxiety. That's
Mary Kastner: Um, how about
Mary Kastner: Any cold sweats.
No.
Shane Vanwinkle: Okay.
Shane Vanwinkle: See I I had just gotten released from jail. And so I pretty much went through the withdrawal.
Shane Vanwinkle: Symptoms ready but I got out of jail and tried to do just start doing it again. And when I overdose.
Mary Kastner: Very, very, very common. They should have warned you about that.
Mary Kastner: Um, you can't just go back to your old. You know what I mean. After being off for a while.
Mary Kastner: What were you in jail for
Shane Vanwinkle: vandalism.
Mary Kastner: Do you have a
Mary Kastner: Probation now or
Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Oh, I found it I separated the two
Mary Kastner: Yeah. OK. So now you're on probation. Get the report to the officer.
Shane Vanwinkle: Yeah, just wanted
Mary Kastner: Any other charges.
No.
Shane Vanwinkle: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Looks like in October, you got a hydrocodone or if I couldn't prescription
Shane Vanwinkle: That was probably for my legs.
Mary Kastner: Legs.
Mary Kastner: Hurt.
Yeah.
Mary Kastner: And then it's a summary text after that. So I'm just gonna put that in the documents in your chart.
Mary Kastner: So how about use of marijuana
Shane Vanwinkle: Honestly, I have smoked a couple times since I overdose. But basically just I'm at night we sleep.
Mary Kastner: Every night.
Shane Vanwinkle: No, just a couple of times, three times.
Mary Kastner: And then how about use of any cocaine or methamphetamine.
Shane Vanwinkle: No, nothing.
Mary Kastner: ever use inhalants
No.
Mary Kastner: Any pain pills.
Shane Vanwinkle: No.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so what I have on cures is an October, you had the bike it in
Mary Kastner: Okay, you can load anytime here. Okay. Um, and then I have people off in hydrochloric or TEXT TABLET
Mary Kastner: You take into a day.
Shane Vanwinkle: Yeah, one to one at night.
Mary Kastner: under your tongue.
Shane Vanwinkle: Yes. Okay.
Mary Kastner: So what we usually do is switch to
Mary Kastner: sub sub sub box on
Mary Kastner: You, you've got this last field on 125 14 days.
Mary Kastner: And before that, on one eight
Mary Kastner: So how many pills, do you have left.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so you have five days left
Mary Kastner: Is a new truck one this morning.
Shane Vanwinkle: No, I haven't taken it. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so we'll get it filled um
Mary Kastner: What we typically do is
Mary Kastner: We fill it for
Mary Kastner: A week at a time, and it's a film.
Mary Kastner: Okay. And so you would want your mouth.
Mary Kastner: Your ticket nice drink.
Mary Kastner: Put it under the tongue.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: Don't talk to anybody. Don't smoke, don't eat, don't drink.
Mary Kastner: Until it's dissolved
All right.
Shane Vanwinkle: Okay.
Mary Kastner: So I will give you enough enough starting
Mary Kastner: And then we have a group, I need you to come to on Mondays at four o'clock.
Mary Kastner: And you're welcome to start tonight. You don't have to be there tonight. It would be good for you to come and meet people.
Mary Kastner: We check in at 345
Mary Kastner: Because there are some forms. There's a survey you take each week.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: And that's how you'll see me, I will be there today, and I'll be there next week. So that's how you do a return visit and make sure you're there next week, so I can get your medication in for you.
Mary Kastner: Because this individual session is for the intake.
All right. Okay.
Mary Kastner: What pharmacy. Do you want to go to
CVS.
Mary Kastner: 1520 East F Street.
Shane Vanwinkle: Yes. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so hang in there with me. We've got a few more questions to do for this intake.
Mary Kastner: Do you know today's date.
Mary Kastner: Okay, we used to ask people, they knew the president but it's gotten a little controversial so
Mary Kastner: I don't know what to ask you now to the you know the month.
Mary Kastner: February. Okay.
Mary Kastner: And why do you think your memory is
Shane Vanwinkle: Pretty good.
Mary Kastner: Okay, can you focus and concentrate to like finish a movie or read a book or watch a TV show.
Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Okay, good.
Mary Kastner: Okay, your medicine is in
Mary Kastner: How would you describe your mood today.
Shane Vanwinkle: Pretty good.
Mary Kastner: Okay, I would say you dynamic you're able to get your shower yourself get dressed yourself, all that good stuff.
Yes. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Have you ever seen things her things felt people were putting messages into your head or could read your mind.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: Um, so he's functional findings independent cognitive finding oriented no evidence, memory loss shorter long term attention concentration did not appear compromised mood and
Mary Kastner: It's dynamic aspect full patient period stated age Kashi dressed walking a lot kind of moving a little bit in our interview on time speech rate and volume clear now.
Mary Kastner: Normal no hallucinations or delusions noted during today's exchange insight and self refresher on today's issues noted is adequate. So, um, another question I have is, are you committed to recovery.
Mary Kastner: Yes, okay. It's not just because you overdose. You had you been thinking about it for a while.
Shane Vanwinkle: Yeah, actually, yes.
Shane Vanwinkle: I plan on staying clean after jail but I just had a little mishap but
I'm
Shane Vanwinkle: Living with my sister now so
Shane Vanwinkle: She, she's kind of helping
Mary Kastner: Okay, and
Mary Kastner: What makes you want to stay clean
Shane Vanwinkle: To grow up, I guess.
Mary Kastner: Uh huh.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Have you ever been in treatment before
Shane Vanwinkle: I was in ages for about two years on methadone.
Mary Kastner: Oh, okay. What was your dose of methadone.
Shane Vanwinkle: 120
Mary Kastner: Okay, and what happened there that you didn't stay in that program.
Shane Vanwinkle: My girlfriend got kicked out. So I kind of just fell off with
Mm hmm.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: Have you read the treatment contract for us. Yeah, in our, in our program guidelines, very important. You do that you use the medication as prescribed. If you use it any other way. It's considered diversion and it puts you at risk in a program
Mary Kastner: Okay. Have you ever thought of hurting yourself or anybody else.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Have you ever made a suicide attempt or had that idea.
Shane Vanwinkle: Okay.
Mary Kastner: So I would say suicide risk is low, no prior history and note ideation are intended this time. Now, I want to ask you a few things about your medical history, I, I did put some labs through
Mary Kastner: I hope that you can get them done soon.
Shane Vanwinkle: Yeah, I'll get done.
Shane Vanwinkle: Probably within the next day or two. Okay.
Mary Kastner: So have you ever had head trauma.
Mary Kastner: No. Have you ever lost consciousness or had a seizure.
Shane Vanwinkle: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Vision. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, okay. How about hearing
Shane Vanwinkle: Yeah, it's good.
Mary Kastner: How about your teeth.
Shane Vanwinkle: They're good.
Mary Kastner: Have you ever snorted.
Shane Vanwinkle: No.
Mary Kastner: Okay, in any problems with your nose. No every that when's the last time you saw a dentist.
Shane Vanwinkle: About a year ago.
Shane Vanwinkle: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Are you flossing and brushing
Shane Vanwinkle: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: You're important especially to floss because the underlying bone structure can be compromised with your opiate use
Mary Kastner: Okay ever had any heart problems.
Shane Vanwinkle: Okay, good.
Mary Kastner: Any lung problems frequent pneumonia, bronchitis and asthma.
Mary Kastner: tummy troubles like recently had any kind of diarrhea, vomiting, nausea,
cramping.
Mary Kastner: Often, do you have a bowel movement.
Shane Vanwinkle: Every day pretty
Shane Vanwinkle: Good.
Mary Kastner: Let us know if that changes because the last thing we want is constipation on this medicine.
Mary Kastner: Any trouble paying any trouble with sexual function.
Shane Vanwinkle: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Ever has had a history of bipolar illness depression. No. Okay. And ever have problems with frequent headaches.
Shane Vanwinkle: No.
Mary Kastner: Okay, we talked about your skin. Do you have rashes, other than the dry scaling is do you have psoriasis or
Shane Vanwinkle: No. Okay.
And
Mary Kastner: We have, what did I say right Nick had a tattoo each arm.
Mary Kastner: From about the end of Cuba fossa down had tattoos ANY OTHER TATTOOS.
Shane Vanwinkle: My whole chest is doing.
Shane Vanwinkle: Uh huh. And both arms all the way down.
Mary Kastner: OK.
Mary Kastner: OK, any piercings.
Shane Vanwinkle: No. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Any trouble with your bones arthritis, other than the lower back pain.
No.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and how about history of diabetes or thyroid problems or anemia.
Shane Vanwinkle: No, no.
Mary Kastner: Okay. History of infections like tuberculosis HIV STDs.
No.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: When you were younger. Did they ever diagnose you with ADHD.
Shane Vanwinkle: No. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Did you have any trouble in
School
Shane Vanwinkle: No.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and how about your hands. Do you show a tremor at all if you put your hands straight out in front of you like this.
Shane Vanwinkle: No, they
Shane Vanwinkle: Do they don't show
Mary Kastner: Okay, okay.
Mary Kastner: How about history of trauma domestic violence.
Mary Kastner: This your PTSD or
Shane Vanwinkle: No.
Mary Kastner: Okay. And are you sleeping well
Shane Vanwinkle: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: How many hours a night. Are you getting
Shane Vanwinkle: Released at seven every
Mary Kastner: Super can ask for more than that.
Shane Vanwinkle: I know right.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, yeah. So as an opiate use disorder on Suboxone now had been a history of semi text. Okay. Have you ever had surgeries.
No.
Mary Kastner: Okay, no surgical history.
Mary Kastner: As far as your social history or your family. Has anybody in your family with medical psychiatric substance abuse issues. Mom, Dad, sister, Kevin you brothers.
No.
Shane Vanwinkle: No, my dad used to use opioids that he passed away.
Mary Kastner: What did he die from
Shane Vanwinkle: Honestly, he was hit by a train in 2001
Oh my goodness.
Mary Kastner: How about your mother.
Mary Kastner: She was
Shane Vanwinkle: She never know she didn't
Mary Kastner: Know medical history, either.
Shane Vanwinkle: No, no.
Mary Kastner: No problems. Okay. And do you have any children.
Shane Vanwinkle: Have one daughter.
Mary Kastner: And how old is she,
Mary Kastner: Okay, any medical psychiatric substance use.
No.
Shane Vanwinkle: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Grandparents cousins.
Shane Vanwinkle: Nope. Not that I know.
Mary Kastner: That, you know, okay.
Mary Kastner: Seem to close for me.
Mary Kastner: Okay, how about your social history. Where were you born and raised.
Modesto
Mary Kastner: Okay, and you have one sister.
Shane Vanwinkle: I have
Mary Kastner: two sisters. Okay.
Mary Kastner: And
Mary Kastner: It's not
Shane Vanwinkle: Letting me close it.
Mary Kastner: And have to go out and come back in.
Mary Kastner: So did you finish high school
Shane Vanwinkle: GD stop getting 11th grade.
Mary Kastner: 11th grade. Okay. And do you have any post
Mary Kastner: GED training.
Shane Vanwinkle: No.
Mary Kastner: And where have you worked
Shane Vanwinkle: I worked for a screen printing company.
Shane Vanwinkle: Moving company.
Shane Vanwinkle: Pretty much it
Mary Kastner: Mm hmm. Are you working now.
Shane Vanwinkle: No. Okay. And
Mary Kastner: How's your relationship with your sister.
Shane Vanwinkle: Really good.
Mary Kastner: That's nice. Do you have any nieces or nephews.
Yeah.
Shane Vanwinkle: I have one. Nice. That's my sisters and then her husband has four other kids or three other kids.
Shane Vanwinkle: So,
Mary Kastner: Are they all living with you.
Shane Vanwinkle: Know that his prior kids live with their mom and my little niece lives with them.
Mary Kastner: Okay. And how old is she,
Shane Vanwinkle: She just turned nine actually yesterday.
Uh huh.
Mary Kastner: And your other sister, where she living
Shane Vanwinkle: And I'm not sure.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, so you don't have a relationship with her.
Shane Vanwinkle: I do but not like only one nice, pretty much when I see your
Mary Kastner: Okay, and
Mary Kastner: Is there a smoke detector in your home.
Shane Vanwinkle: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Are you using seatbelts when you're a car.
Mary Kastner: Yes. Okay. Are you sexually active.
Shane Vanwinkle: Yes.
Mary Kastner: Are you using safe sex.
Mary Kastner: Yes. Okay, exercising at all.
No.
Mary Kastner: No in house, your diet. You think you're eating in a healthy way.
Yeah.
Mary Kastner: And how much coffee. Are you drinking a day.
Shane Vanwinkle: Probably just a cup or two in the morning.
Mary Kastner: Okay, any energy drinks.
No.
Mary Kastner: Okay have you weight loss waiter gained weight recently.
Shane Vanwinkle: Just since I've been at my sister's I've gained 15 pounds.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Is that a good thing.
Mary Kastner: Yeah. Okay. Have you been in the military.
Mary Kastner: No and. Are you religious person going to church or anything.
No.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so we're just about done with all this stuff.
Mary Kastner: So you're in a relationship.
Mary Kastner: No. No. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay, um,
Mary Kastner: Are you allergic to anything.
Shane Vanwinkle: No, ma'am.
Mary Kastner: And are you on any other medication.
Shane Vanwinkle: Just antibiotics.
Mary Kastner: What's the name of that.
Shane Vanwinkle: I'm not sure.
Mary Kastner: This is for your legs.
Shane Vanwinkle: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Any
Shane Vanwinkle: It's so from mix so
Mary Kastner: How do you spell it.
Shane Vanwinkle: S You L F. A. M. Et h o x
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: And as far as your physical being today. Do you feel bluish like getting a cold ANY TROUBLE BREATHING any trouble.
Mary Kastner: At all, with
Mary Kastner: With anything you want to give me an account of
No.
Mary Kastner: Okay, swallowing. Okay. Reading okay tummies. All right, urinary systems. Okay, no headaches.
No. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okey dokey. Um,
Mary Kastner: So the diagnosis is opiate use disorder severe
Mary Kastner: He's been on subtext, and we will change over to Suboxone
Mary Kastner: Eight to film one twice a day was instructed on how to use it. Our objective is that you're comfortable
Mary Kastner: You don't have any cravings and
Mary Kastner: You don't use that you continue to abstain from using
Mary Kastner: That all make sense to you.
Shane Vanwinkle: Yes, ma'am.
Mary Kastner: Are you comfortable now.
Mary Kastner: Yeah. Okay. And do you have any cravings now.
Shane Vanwinkle: Okay.
Mary Kastner: So again assessment, the risk assessment for suicides. Hello. Um, can you take your pulse for me. Do you know how to do that.
Shane Vanwinkle: I could try
Mary Kastner: Feel it now all time. You tell me when to start
Mary Kastner: See during you can you can you feel it in your wrist or your neck.
Mary Kastner: Yeah okay okay start
Mary Kastner: Stop.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Shane Vanwinkle: 36
Shane Vanwinkle: Oh, that's good.
Mary Kastner: So your pulses 72 How tall are you,
Shane Vanwinkle: 62
Mary Kastner: Okay. And how much do you weigh
Shane Vanwinkle: We're 90
Mary Kastner: Okay, and you said you'd recently been treated for blood clots in your legs.
Shane Vanwinkle: Well, it was probably 2013 maybe you guys well
Mary Kastner: In both likes. Yes. Okay. You know, the symptoms of that and what to watch for
Mary Kastner: Yeah okay red line going up your leg, a lot of pain heat swelling. Okay.
Mary Kastner: So history of leg.
Mary Kastner: Thrombosis for bite us bilateral legs lower extremities and current
Mary Kastner: I would say February IQ.
Mary Kastner: dryness of the legs and recently put an SDI for
Mary Kastner: Peripheral vascular disease, is that correct
Mary Kastner: Is that why you got the disability.
Mary Kastner: What, what word. Did they use. Okay.
Mary Kastner: So you know about the labs and you know about the group tonight and definitely be there tomorrow or next Monday.
Shane Vanwinkle: check in at 343 45
Mary Kastner: I've ordered enough medication for you to get through next Monday. So you have to come that day. Okay.
Shane Vanwinkle: All right, so when do I pick up my medication.
Mary Kastner: You can pick it up, you know, I put it in. I don't know. You know necessarily when they're gonna
Shane Vanwinkle: Okay.
Mary Kastner: You don't have it. There you go. Call
Mary Kastner: Okay, sometimes it takes them a while to get the film. So I put it in, even though you've got five days left
Shane Vanwinkle: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Any questions for me.
Shane Vanwinkle: No, ma'am.
Mary Kastner: Okay, thanks. Shane You did a good job.
Shane Vanwinkle: Thank you. I'll see you Monday.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Bye bye.
Mary Kastner: Yo,
Mary Kastner: How are you
iPad: Very much better. Thank you.
Mary Kastner: This is Marianne dermis and Mrs.
Mary Kastner: Appreciate you coming back in today. I did. Review your labs. Thank you for getting them done.
Mary Kastner: The infectious panel that we put out as all negative no hepatitis know
iPad: HIV that's
Mary Kastner: Your urine drug screenshot darbar god we haven't seen that in ages.
Mary Kastner: Darren. Yeah, it's probably just a breakdown, you know of one of the opiates that they had you taking
iPad: All right, I know I just had that one drug
Mary Kastner: Yeah, it's probably the breakdown of that somehow and not all of the drug panel is in, but I don't suspect anything else you had a small amount of web season your urine.
iPad: What's that
Mary Kastner: That is white blood cells. So it could be that you're beginning to have a little bit of an infection. So you might want to next time you're in have them follow up on that with maybe an antibiotic, because
Mary Kastner: As you get older, not that you're old.
iPad: And
Mary Kastner: You wind up you wind up with
Mary Kastner: Urinary tract infections. Sometimes
Mary Kastner: Without any symptoms.
iPad: I've never been so your nurture detection.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, so that happens.
Mary Kastner: You know cuz things dry out. It's easy to get an infection. So just ask them if they want to treat it. I didn't see bacteria just saw the white blood cells.
Mary Kastner: Well, so how you
Doing
iPad: Thank you for giving me back my life. I can't tell you how much this means to me. I like like a new person, you know, but I have a lot of work to do. I have haven't
iPad: recovered from my stroke strokes. I haven't
iPad: But I'm making progress that that I couldn't do before. I couldn't do anything. I just was trying to survive every day and you know I'm like a new person I am. I'm totally
iPad: Better. I'm getting things done and I have two years of catching up to do and still have to do my regular stuff but little bit at a time. I'm having to check myself to keep from overdoing. I don't want to do that, but I'm
Right.
iPad: So far I the pain is so much better. I
iPad: haven't had any you know
iPad: Issues.
Mary Kastner: And what is
Mary Kastner: What is the level of pain 10 being the worst pain you've ever had.
iPad: Right now, you know, one or two. It's really good.
Mary Kastner: If I'm not your anxiety.
iPad: Well, you know, I'm gonna have that for a long time. Um,
Mary Kastner: Yeah. Worst anxiety, where would you, where would you read that. Oh.
iPad: I'm still bout a six. I have so much to do and
iPad: I don't
iPad: I feel a little bit overwhelmed, but
Mary Kastner: You know yeah and that's
Mary Kastner: That's easy to happen actually as you start feeling better. You know, you kind of facing reality more
iPad: Yeah, that's
Mary Kastner: Not fun
iPad: I have a lot to deal with really, I have a lot to deal with my mom and my brother dying this year, like I told you last week I haven't even had a surface or my brother.
iPad: I i need to do that so important and you know a lot lot
iPad: Coming to terms with the stroke. I really haven't dealt with it.
iPad: What it really means. I kind of, but you know, I'm
iPad: slowly sinking in. You know, the my limitations. What this means for my future. You know, I am plan feature. I mean, I
iPad: At retirement age and you know women don't retire. I know. But, you know,
iPad: I'm starting to think, you know, I'm gonna make it. And I better have a plan.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, yeah, some kind of adjustment, you're going to
Mary Kastner: Are you know pressed it all.
iPad: No, I'm just
Mary Kastner: So,
Mary Kastner: Would you say zero out
Mary Kastner: Of 10
Mary Kastner: For depression or
Yeah.
iPad: A little bit. I'm still dealing with this.
iPad: I hate, hate,
iPad: To use a green tree trauma and grief.
iPad: This thing that I had to go through last year with
iPad: The doctors that we're supposed to be looking out for my health and ignoring me when I was telling them, I was in great despair. I needed.
iPad: Relief from my symptoms or know my pain and withdrawal syndrome. They just like I was talking to a tree stump, you know,
Mary Kastner: And, yeah, yeah.
iPad: Especially after my stroke. I'm trying to tell them this thing I'm dealing with with pain medicine is causing all of this and now this week I you know all of my symptoms that I was hot, having have just disappeared, you know,
Mary Kastner: I'm so sorry you had to go through that Marianne, it's, it's actually criminal
iPad: To, you know,
Mary Kastner: How many films are winding up taking a day.
iPad: 333
Mary Kastner: Okay. And how many films, do you have left.
iPad: Three. I think three. Okay. Okay.
Mary Kastner: And did you have any trouble getting him from the pharmacy.
iPad: Nope. Nope. Okay.
Mary Kastner: I'll put in some more for you. You're always welcome to come to
iPad: Our group.
Mary Kastner: The other thing is if you haven't found a
Grief group.
Mary Kastner: Maybe you could get
Mary Kastner: To seeing one of our therapists.
iPad: Okay.
Mary Kastner: And, you know, talk to her a little bit more about the stuff you've been through, and
iPad: How do I set that up.
Mary Kastner: I can, I can ask them to do that.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
iPad: I think that would be good for me.
iPad: You know, somebody who's trained
iPad: Yeah, help me. I never had grief.
Mary Kastner: You got some grief, but you also have some grief for basically loss of
Mary Kastner: Your life.
iPad: Yeah yeah
Mary Kastner: Can you take your blood pressure for me.
iPad: Yes, I can.
Mary Kastner: So you're going to write a
iPad: Yes, and it has been my blood pressure is been better. I know you know
Mary Kastner: The
iPad: Numbers that you you're seeing are low, but
iPad: For me, they're low
iPad: And
iPad: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: And, you know, are you gonna try to see your doctor.
iPad: Well, that's the problem.
iPad: The
iPad: Primary Care. I've seen and she's just about worthless. She even told me if I can't take blood pressure medicine and there's nothing she can do for me and basically all the doctors. I've seen told me that
iPad: And
iPad: I been to see so
iPad: Six or seven doctors after the stroke and there they all say the same thing.
iPad: And
iPad: You know, I don't know where. And they, you know, don't prescribe opiates.
iPad: Can you see
Mary Kastner: A little bit go over a little bit to your left.
Mary Kastner: 167 over 85
Mary Kastner: Yeah, what's your pulse.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Well, I think you need to
Mary Kastner: Number one, have a primary care while you're in our program.
Yeah.
Mary Kastner: So are you going to come to group it I'm just trying to figure out my medication.
Mary Kastner: Prescription here.
Mary Kastner: I would like you to come into the mental health group at seven on Monday, so I can
Mary Kastner: Give you a bigger refill.
Semin be added.
Mary Kastner: On Monday to what is that
iPad: Yeah.
Yeah.
Mary Kastner: And call in about 645 so you can get any preliminary and get the right room number you call into the front desk.
iPad: In the morning
iPad: No 7pm PM.
Mary Kastner: And as I'm going to be on vacation at the end of the month, and I want to make sure you have enough medication.
Yeah.
iPad: So,
iPad: Okay, so
iPad: Just go into that.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, and you'll meet Rebecca who's therapist, and I'm going to put in a request that
Mary Kastner: You get an individual
Mary Kastner: therapy session.
Mary Kastner: I don't know if it'll be with her or not, but
Mary Kastner: And then can you look like maybe call
Mary Kastner: The hospital social worker or the American Cancer Society, or one of the funeral homes in your area, they all probably have a list of grief groups in your area.
Mary Kastner: Because you're calling from Fairfield
Mary Kastner: There's there's gotta be
Mary Kastner: You know, gray for a bit, you can get in
iPad: Sometimes they have it in the newspaper but not consistently.
iPad: Home.
Mary Kastner: So, have you had any thoughts of hurting yourself or anybody else.
No.
iPad: Okay.
Mary Kastner: So your pain today is two out of 10 your anxieties six out of 10 depression is more grief.
Mary Kastner: So not really depressed, but still grieving and getting angry about what you went through.
Yeah.
iPad: Any
Mary Kastner: Any said no thoughts of hurting yourself or others.
Mary Kastner: So satirists remain slow
Continue.
Mary Kastner: As far as a mental status, you're on time. You're welcome. Good eye contact, good interaction memory. Probably the same as it's been
Mary Kastner: Pretty having any memory issues. You know, I
iPad: I thought that I would after this stroke. But no, it's
iPad: Okay affected.
iPad: Different part of my brain, thank God. But, you know,
Mary Kastner: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: I still have you're able to
Mary Kastner: I would say a little bit of hesitation with your speech, but
iPad: Yeah, it's sometimes a little worse than this.
iPad: Well, after the stroke. I could barely talk, even a little bit but
iPad: Unfortunately, the, the hospital didn't get me speech therapy and so well after my stroke or like a six weeks or something and
iPad: You know, the part that would have been
iPad: Able to
iPad: Be fixed I guess in my brain, you know,
iPad: It was passed the time, you know, and I was dealing with my brother's death at that time, too, and I had a lot going on. So I never did get speech therapy, but I got a book that my son got me for
iPad: What you can do, after a stroke. And it doesn't have much on speech, but it has a little bit but
iPad: I haven't read know
iPad: A lot about that. I don't know. Okay, I just thought that it would come back, naturally, and it has. And this withdrawal syndrome has also affected my speech, a big way. So that's, you know,
iPad: Being in dress. So you know I hoping that things will return to normal. Somebody told me in the hospital therapist that it takes at least six months for things to go back to normal. So it's only been about four months. So maybe we'll improve within
iPad: The next two months, I hope. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Good, good, good, and you're able to get in.
Mary Kastner: To the shower and get dressed.
iPad: Okay, I'm starting
Medical
Mary Kastner: mental function or mental status potential finding independent cognitive finding, you know, today's date.
iPad: It's the third
Okay.
iPad: Yep.
Mary Kastner: oriented person, place, circumstance know some evidence do you have memory loss.
iPad: I don't think I know more than normal, you know,
Mary Kastner: And you can read and concentrate on what you're
iPad: Going to retain
Mary Kastner: Okay, okay, memory.
Mary Kastner: long and short term normal attention and concentration, do not appear compromised mood is actually more anxious and
Mary Kastner: A little bit anger and a little lot of grief aspect is for your stated actually appear a little bit older than your state of age, but today you actually look much better. I wouldn't say that anymore.
Mary Kastner: Well, I'm normal habits speeches, a little hesitant buying coherent normal thought process appropriate for age development normal sir content logical non tangential no hallucinations, delusions known today's exchange and site self reflection on today's issues is adequate.
Mary Kastner: So any current medical issues that you're concerned about any runny nose, fever, cold like symptoms stomach problems sleep. How's your sleep.
iPad: Oh, excellent. I'm sleeping so restfully I wake up in the morning. Yeah, energized, you know,
Mary Kastner: Oh, that's
Mary Kastner: That's amazing. That's
iPad: Very areas, I'll tell you.
iPad: My life.
iPad: You know,
Mary Kastner: Look good
Mary Kastner: I'm sorry it took them that long to get you referred to us.
Mary Kastner: So,
Mary Kastner: We're going to continue, I would see that this is the ongoing process because of your pain, chronic pain.
Mary Kastner: So we're going to continue at Suboxone eight to sublingual film T ID. I gave her a 10 day supply. She's going to come into group on Monday.
iPad: Okay. My dad is six weeks for feedback in
Mary Kastner: And we're gonna hopefully get you set up for good month at that point and I put in a referral for individual therapy and you're going to be looking in your area for
Mary Kastner: For our grief group. I think you could benefit from just kind of getting this all out getting this aired
Mary Kastner: You had a double punch to the stomach as far as loss.
Mary Kastner: It takes years to get over that and
Mary Kastner: It actually takes as long as it takes.
Mary Kastner: So chronic pain syndrome.
Mary Kastner: And we're in the canoes opioid dependence or sort of hand in hand. So I'm complicated mood disorder due to your medical condition and that's our diagnoses and we're going to hopefully get you contacted with the group for grief.
iPad: And so
iPad: You you suggest I try some were local and then but also you can provide that service to
Mary Kastner: Not the grief group, but we could do individual and therapy and then that therapist, could you know see you a couple times and make suggestions.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
iPad: All right, I
Mary Kastner: Of course, I still want you to get a medical
Appointment
iPad: Yeah.
iPad: And I don't know if you signed a
Mary Kastner: Release to get us any current lab work or if you have any
Mary Kastner: Current lab work because we usually
Mary Kastner: In I told you. Well, you did get your lab work done and I told you that you had a little bit of slight infection.
Mary Kastner: Urinary tract infection. So if for no other reason go into see your physician for that. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
iPad: All right.
iPad: My dear.
Mary Kastner: So any questions for
iPad: You couldn't recall in that prescription. Now for the
Mary Kastner: 10 days. Yes. Already been
iPad: Doing yeah and
Mary Kastner: That'll get you through to next Monday. We're will hopefully be able to get you a month's worth
iPad: Oh,
iPad: Really. Okay. I have a mail order Prescription Plan with my insurance to, I don't know if that would be feasible with this program or not, but I have that. So, you can write me a 90 days fly but I
Mary Kastner: Can't
iPad: Yeah, you can't do that.
Mary Kastner: With this. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Sorry about that.
iPad: No one just
Mary Kastner: Rolled substance, they won't, they won't let us do that.
iPad: I did it for years. But yes, that's all changed.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, give me the name out we can we can try. Give me the name of it.
Oh, the
Mary Kastner: mail order.
iPad: Oh I it's a
iPad: I have to look it up, but I'm
Mary Kastner: Okay. Okay, so
Mary Kastner: When you do just call back into the desk and give them that information and I'll ask our care navigator if they've ever been able to do that, then
iPad: I checked with them last year and they said that they California has no laws against it, but that's
iPad: Okay, last year, so
I don't. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: I have no problem with asking her to see if it's possible, because that would certainly be easier for you.
iPad: Oh, timing.
Mary Kastner: Timing you can
iPad: They deliver to your door. You know, it's
Mary Kastner: Yeah yeah
iPad: Can't be any easier than that.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, I'll ask. That's all I can do.
Mary Kastner: Call back in with that information.
Mary Kastner: Okay, Marianne. I'll see you in group next Monday and the 10th.
iPad: Oh, you, you're going to be there.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, and that's what I'll be able to feel it for a month.
iPad: Okay. All right.
iPad: Okay, good. Have a good week.
iPad: Thank you very much. I again. I can't thank you forgive me my life there, you know, it's a miracle. It really is.
Mary Kastner: And you look so much better.
iPad: Thanks enough. Okay, thank you.
Mary Kastner: Bye bye.
Glen Jamison: Hello, how are you
Mary Kastner: Good. Have you ever done anything like this before.
Glen Jamison: No, I haven't.
Mary Kastner: Okay, well,
Mary Kastner: Um, sometimes it'll look a little bit like I'm talking to myself, but
Mary Kastner: I'm actually talking to the person who's doing the transcribing of our session, which is recorded.
Mary Kastner: Okay, okay, I'm Mary Kastner I'm a nurse practitioner and psychiatry.
Mary Kastner: And what can we do for you today. This is Glenn Jamison, Mr in 3285
Glen Jamison: We do forget Jane Glenn. I was trying to get signed up for.
Glen Jamison: What was it called
Glen Jamison: There was a Suboxone treatment for
Glen Jamison: Quitting opioids.
Mary Kastner: Okay, yeah. How long have you been using opioids.
Glen Jamison: Maybe six months or so.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: And what are you using
Glen Jamison: Pretty much anything from pills to heroin.
Okay, what kind of pills.
Glen Jamison: normals or butter hydrocodone to morphine oxycodone
Glen Jamison: Pretty much whatever is available.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: And
Glen Jamison: I couldn't really tell you
Glen Jamison: Maybe
Glen Jamison: 6090 milligrams of morphine.
Mary Kastner: And much heroin.
Glen Jamison: Not a whole lot.
Glen Jamison: mean in terms of money wise like 20 to $30 in a day.
Mary Kastner: Uh huh, and how to use it.
Glen Jamison: Either smoking or snippet.
Mary Kastner: Okay, no injection
No. Okay.
Mary Kastner: And have you ever been in treatment for this.
No.
Mary Kastner: No, okay, this is your first time.
Glen Jamison: Correct.
Mary Kastner: Now I have on the state report that you had a buprenorphine naloxone eight milligram two milligram on 126
Mary Kastner: Yeah, given number 14 for seven days. Who gave you that
Glen Jamison: The emergency room.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Have you been using that
Mary Kastner: Yeah, okay. When's the last dose of any kind of opiate
Glen Jamison: I'm close to a week ago.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: And when did you go to the emergency
Glen Jamison: I don't remember what the date was, I think, did you say the 26
Mary Kastner: Uh huh. That's correct.
Mary Kastner: You think that that's when you went
Glen Jamison: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and so they just gave you the Suboxone without having you come into withdrawal. Why did you go to the emergency room.
Glen Jamison: I was one doors to the emergency room before I went into withdraw and they gave me the prescription
Glen Jamison: Talk with me for a little bit and then I was able to go get the prescription filled when I left that we're headed for withdrawal did start
Mary Kastner: Okay. When withdrawal did start you didn't start it before the withdraw right
Mary Kastner: And how many do you have left.
Glen Jamison: And
Glen Jamison: Just a few like three or four things.
Mary Kastner: Okay. And is it a film or tablet.
Glen Jamison: It's a tablet.
Mary Kastner: Okay, any side effects.
Glen Jamison: No. Okay.
Great.
Mary Kastner: Any other drug use.
Know,
Mary Kastner: Using an email wanna
Glen Jamison: Know, okay.
Mary Kastner: his desk 10 scores three audit see is zero. So you're not using alcohol.
Mary Kastner: Know any pills like
Mary Kastner: Ben's owes
Mary Kastner: Know Italians Klonopin out of and that kind of thing.
Mary Kastner: Nope. Okay, good. How about tobacco.
Glen Jamison: Oh, yeah.
Mary Kastner: And how much
Glen Jamison: Like three to four cigarettes a day. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay, no raping
No.
Mary Kastner: No history of cocaine or method methamphetamine.
Mary Kastner: No. Okay.
Mary Kastner: But inhalants
Glen Jamison: No. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Good, good, good, good.
Mary Kastner: So have you ever been in treatment for this.
Mary Kastner: No. Okay. Okay, so, um,
Mary Kastner: Do you have any chronic pain.
Glen Jamison: Not anymore. Okay.
Mary Kastner: What what got you into the opiates to begin with.
Glen Jamison: I had a quite a few tooth problems.
Glen Jamison: That was going on for years until I was able to get the right medical coverage to get it fixed.
Mary Kastner: Mm hmm.
Glen Jamison: And so every now and then I would get
Glen Jamison: Some pills, just to relieve the pain here and there.
Glen Jamison: And then up until just last year was the worst.
Glen Jamison: And so I started doing it a lot more frequently.
Glen Jamison: Finally, was able to get the issues fixed and by the time I was addicted or, you know, physically dependent. So
Glen Jamison: That's the hard part really
Mary Kastner: Yeah, yeah. And the teeth are fixed now.
Mary Kastner: Yeah. When's the last time you saw a dentist.
Glen Jamison: I think it was in October.
Mary Kastner: Okay. And are you brushing your teeth and flossing.
Glen Jamison: Yeah, okay.
Mary Kastner: Very important with opiates so
Mary Kastner: All total. How long do you think you were using pills.
Glen Jamison: Three years. Three years. Okay.
Mary Kastner: And
Mary Kastner: No pain today.
Mary Kastner: No any depression.
Mary Kastner: No any anxiety.
Glen Jamison: I get a lot of anxiety, but I've always kind of had that
Mary Kastner: Okay, what's your anxiety level right now 10 being the most anxious. You've ever been.
Glen Jamison: Probably three
Okay.
Mary Kastner: And can you take your pulse for me. You know how to do that.
Glen Jamison: I'm not exactly
Mary Kastner: Okay, you would either check below the jawline here run into you.
Mary Kastner: Can feel that pulse with two fingers or an easier way actually has to go up your thumb side of your wrist and feel it but don't feel with the thumb feel with the two fingers.
Mary Kastner: And then you let me know when you get it and I'll time it for you and you come
Glen Jamison: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay, start
Mary Kastner: Stop.
Mary Kastner: Okay, would you get
Glen Jamison: I got 40
Mary Kastner: Okay so pulses at how tall are you,
Glen Jamison: By be
Mary Kastner: And how much do you weigh
Glen Jamison: Approximately 130 pounds.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: So any withdrawal symptoms right now.
Glen Jamison: Well, no, but I'm on Suboxone right now.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so you feeling any cold, clammy feelings. Any stomach upset diarrhea.
No.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Wrestling not looking like you're restless, can you get close to the screen so I can see your pupils.
Glen Jamison: Not sure this
Mary Kastner: Yeah, can you move over a little bit to your right. I'm only seeing that right I
Mary Kastner: Want to see your eyes.
Mary Kastner: Okay, perfect. Thank you. So I would say slightly dilated to room light so cow score of one any goosebumps.
Mary Kastner: Know any tremor shakiness of your hands when you put them out.
Mary Kastner: No, okay, excessive yawning.
Glen Jamison: Not
Mary Kastner: A no GI upset runny nose or tearing, I'd say cows up one
Mary Kastner: That's the opiate withdrawal scale that I'm talking about your cures report showed that you got on 126 number 14 eight to be Suboxone to last seven days.
Mary Kastner: Other drug use two to four cigarettes a day. How about no alcohol and no other substances of abuse. How about caffeine.
Glen Jamison: Yeah.
Glen Jamison: Okay.
Mary Kastner: How much caffeine or you
Glen Jamison: Know, I'll drink like a soda or two a day.
Glen Jamison: Okay, I got
Mary Kastner: 12 ounce or
Glen Jamison: I'll be good. Yes. Yeah, it's like cans.
Mary Kastner: And no energy drinks.
Glen Jamison: Once in a while, but not really.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: And do you know today's date.
Glen Jamison: No. Not off the top my head.
Mary Kastner: You know, the month.
Glen Jamison: I think just in February.
Mary Kastner: February 3, you know, the year
Mary Kastner: And our president is who
Glen Jamison: Trump
Mary Kastner: Do you I'm having trouble with your memory focus concentration, like can you sit and read a book. Oh.
Glen Jamison: Yeah, I've always been
Glen Jamison: Terrible at focus
Mary Kastner: Okay, are you able to concentrate through a movie.
Glen Jamison: No, no, the program. Yeah, absolutely. I'll
Glen Jamison: Most time only watch TV shows, because I can't sit down to the full movie.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Okey dokey. So mental status exam you able to dress yourself. Take your own shower.
Glen Jamison: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Are you able to are you showering daily or
Mary Kastner: Yeah okay so functional finding is independent con to finding
Mary Kastner: Some a little bit problem where there's oriented to month and year and he says he has some attention and concentration difficulty.
Mary Kastner: That she watched TV programs or movies or read books any memory problems.
Glen Jamison: I've always kind of had
Glen Jamison: The crappy memory to her words.
Glen Jamison: Information that I don't find a value or no interest in
Mary Kastner: I guess. Yeah. Did you have a diagnosis of attention deficit disorder when you were younger.
Glen Jamison: No, but I remember school always wanted me to
Glen Jamison: Hmm, but
Glen Jamison: Now, we never did that.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Any diagnosis of depression or anxiety.
Glen Jamison: Just know
Mary Kastner: Any psychiatric diagnosis. I know history of having any kind of substance abuse treatment.
No.
Glen Jamison: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Your mood and aspect. Are you suck. DO YOU THOUGHT YOU THOUGHT I MC and full
Mary Kastner: To appear your Saturday, turn on time. Good, good.
Mary Kastner: Icon checked cash the dress or the hoodie and tap and jacket, not a 30 but a jacket yeah hoodie.
Glen Jamison: Jacket over. Yeah, the hoodie on to this call today.
Mary Kastner: Sure. His Imperial stated aid welcome on what habits speech rate by incoherent, and I'm a thought process appropriate for agent development normal content logical non tangential
Mary Kastner: You ever see things here. Things think people can read your mind or TV has special messages.
Glen Jamison: No.
Mary Kastner: No hallucinations, delusions noted during today's exchange insight and self reflection on today's issues noted is adequate.
Mary Kastner: Ever thought of hurting yourself or anybody else.
No.
Mary Kastner: suicide risk assessment as low as far as your past medical history, I want to ask you a few questions. Have you ever had a head injury.
Know,
Mary Kastner: If you had seizures are frequent headaches lost consciousness.
Glen Jamison: Used to get headaches. Mm hmm.
Mary Kastner: Nodding Not anymore. How did they
Mary Kastner: Go on.
Glen Jamison: I think I just grew out of them.
Mary Kastner: When you travel with your vision. Are you hearing
Know,
Mary Kastner: Any trouble with your nose frequent fraction sinusitis.
Glen Jamison: Know,
Mary Kastner: What was the trouble with you teeth.
Glen Jamison: Um,
Glen Jamison: It was
Glen Jamison: At a couple that were broken and overtime to kept breaking off even more.
Glen Jamison: And then some got cavities and all in all ended up having seven teeth pulled in October.
Goodness.
Mary Kastner: How are you going to manage what that
Glen Jamison: Hasn't been too bad.
Mary Kastner: You don't need a denture or any kind of fun.
Glen Jamison: Know,
Mary Kastner: Me, kind of, what would they call partial
Mary Kastner: Know, able to eat well too.
Yeah.
Mary Kastner: And heart problems.
Mary Kastner: Know you travel with your lungs like frequent know Anya bronchitis, asthma,
Glen Jamison: Know I hardly ever get any illnesses.
Mary Kastner: Any trouble with infections like hepatitis or
Glen Jamison: Nope. Any
Mary Kastner: Fees or anything like that.
Mary Kastner: No trouble with liver, gallbladder heartburn.
Glen Jamison: Know,
Mary Kastner: Any trouble with stomach problems are you
Mary Kastner: Free nope done
Mary Kastner: Diarrhea and are you constipated at all.
Glen Jamison: No. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Something we want to watch out for longer on this medication.
Glen Jamison: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Let me know, because I don't want problem, sir. Um, how about trouble with your liver.
Mary Kastner: Ever had an STD HIV.
No.
Mary Kastner: Okay, seizures, or epilepsy migraines.
Glen Jamison: Know,
Mary Kastner: Any trouble with your skin.
Glen Jamison: No.
Mary Kastner: Okay, how about broken bones or arthritis gout.
Gotta
Glen Jamison: Know,
Mary Kastner: Any thyroid problems, diabetes, anemia,
Glen Jamison: Not that I know of.
Mary Kastner: Have you ever had thoughts to hurt yourself or made an attempt
No.
Mary Kastner: No know fractures.
Glen Jamison: Nope.
Mary Kastner: Okay, super healthy guy like you said.
Mary Kastner: I'm not, I'm not gonna complain about that.
Have you ever had.
Mary Kastner: Any surgeries.
Glen Jamison: Um, I had a cyst on myself. My head removed once when I was about 18 or 19
Mm hmm.
Nothing else.
Glen Jamison: Other than their tooth extraction is now. Yes.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Any problems with that head.
Glen Jamison: It came back like a week later, but other than that now.
Mary Kastner: Oh god, you still have it.
Yeah.
Mary Kastner: So what do they think it is.
Glen Jamison: It's a type of says, I forget what type. They said, Good. They told me if there's like a 5050 chance of it coming back after removing it.
Mary Kastner: And they're not worried about it, nothing you can do about it now.
Glen Jamison: Right, okay.
Mary Kastner: Benign and
Mary Kastner: Any family history medical problems, substance abuse, psychiatric problems, brothers, sisters cousins man parents
Glen Jamison: Alcoholism and gambling.
Mary Kastner: Okay with who
Glen Jamison: Most of my family members. I'm a mom side have both. Then I my dad side, a lot of them have alcoholism.
Mary Kastner: Good thing that you're staying away.
Glen Jamison: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: How about your father.
Glen Jamison: He passed away in 94
Mary Kastner: What did he died from
Glen Jamison: The aftermath of a motorcycle accident. My God.
Mary Kastner: Did he have alcohol issues.
Glen Jamison: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and how about your mother.
Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Okay, both of them, plus some of their family members.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, brothers and sisters
Glen Jamison: Yeah, I have a brother and two sisters
Mary Kastner: Okay. Are they do you have any medical problems.
Mary Kastner: No. Okay. And no substance abuse.
Mary Kastner: No. Okay. And is were you born and raised in Fresno or Folsom
Glen Jamison: Know I'm from upstate New York.
Mary Kastner: Oh, okay. Well, you raised there too.
Glen Jamison: Yeah, I just moved out here going on, three years ago.
Mary Kastner: I
Glen Jamison: Moved out here. Originally with my step dad for work.
Glen Jamison: And over the course of a year everybody else came out to
Mary Kastner: Oh, okay.
Mary Kastner: So you have a support system.
Glen Jamison: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: You have a relationship with your mother and your sisters and your brother.
Glen Jamison: Yeah, for the most part.
Mary Kastner: Did you finish high school
Glen Jamison: No.
Glen Jamison: Have a GED know
Mary Kastner: Any training.
Glen Jamison: Yeah.
Glen Jamison: Went into trades.
Glen Jamison: pretty young.
Glen Jamison: Okay.
Glen Jamison: So,
Mary Kastner: So certificate or any kind
Glen Jamison: Ain't no
Glen Jamison: Because none of that's really needed in New York.
Glen Jamison: I see out here. There is a lot of certificates that people want to see. But no, I haven't acquired any out here.
Glen Jamison: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Are you in a Union union.
Glen Jamison: Not anymore.
Mary Kastner: Are you working
Glen Jamison: Not at the moment. Okay.
Mary Kastner: You think you might have left school early because you had some attention problems.
Glen Jamison: Yeah.
Glen Jamison: Really that was
Glen Jamison: I was going to do a whole lot of trouble because I couldn't really focus or anything. So I was always the class distraction, you know,
Mary Kastner: Yeah, it's too bad. They didn't get you treated for that.
Mary Kastner: If you decide you want some treatment for that and get into a training program, let us know.
Glen Jamison: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Are you eating healthy
Glen Jamison: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Three. How many meals a day.
Glen Jamison: I'll usually just go for one meal, which is, which would be dinner and just eat now and then throughout the day.
Mm hmm.
Mary Kastner: So you graze throughout the day.
Mary Kastner: What do you have for dinner.
Glen Jamison: A meal, whatever my girlfriend cooks, or we go out
Mary Kastner: Okay, so you're in a relationship.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, okay. And are you using protection or birth control.
Glen Jamison: Birth control. Yeah, okay.
Mary Kastner: She's, she's using it.
Glen Jamison: Yeah, okay.
Mary Kastner: Um, are you exercising regularly.
Glen Jamison: A walk with the dog that's about it.
Mary Kastner: Okay. And where do you live in with
Glen Jamison: Me, My girlfriend, even a apartment.
Mary Kastner: Okay. What kind of dog.
Glen Jamison: He's a true weenie.
Mary Kastner: I have a Datsun
Mary Kastner: I'm glad you're walking
Mary Kastner: House does your apartment have a smoke detector.
Glen Jamison: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: And you you seatbelts when you're in a car. Yeah, okay.
Mary Kastner: Every faith.
Glen Jamison: No, never really got into it.
Glen Jamison: Good, good, good, good.
Mary Kastner: cop out marijuana
Glen Jamison: I used to smoke would not anymore. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Or you haven't been in the military.
Mary Kastner: No. Have you had any legal issues.
Glen Jamison: No.
Mary Kastner: Ever been married
Glen Jamison: Have any children no
Mary Kastner: Have any problems with the history of trauma or domestic violence.
No.
Mary Kastner: Did I asked you if you're going to a church or religious
Glen Jamison: No, but no, I'm not. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay dokey, and
Mary Kastner: Allergies to anything.
Glen Jamison: Nope. Not that I know of. Okay.
Mary Kastner: And are you on any other medications beside this Suboxone
No.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Are you having any medical issues right now feeling like you're getting a cold runny nose.
Mary Kastner: No stuff up.
Mary Kastner: Any breathing problems, any flu like symptoms.
Nope.
Mary Kastner: All systems reviewed as normal vital signs, where
Mary Kastner: Do we say at
Mary Kastner: Yeah. Also,
Glen Jamison: Yeah, and
Mary Kastner: Weight is phi beta 130 pounds.
Yeah.
Mary Kastner: And we did the mental status, we looked at the pupils are little bit dilated for room light.
Mary Kastner: Diagnosis is opiate use disorder moderate and you're on a two Suboxone tablet twice a day, we're going to switch that to film. If you have any problems with that, let me know.
Glen Jamison: No, no.
Mary Kastner: And you're going to go to the Walmart.
Mary Kastner: Something Boulevard.
Glen Jamison: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Auburn Boulevard. Okay.
Glen Jamison: Yeah. Yep.
Mary Kastner: So our
Mary Kastner: Eight people with substance use issues come to a group on Mondays up for
Mary Kastner: I would like you to start that group, as soon as you can. If you can't tonight. I can understand, but in the future, please.
Mary Kastner: Start coming. That's how you'll see me and that's how we'll do our continuing visits. Some there in that group one to two times a month I'm there tonight and I'm there next Monday.
Glen Jamison: Okay.
Glen Jamison: Where's edit.
Mary Kastner: You call into the front desk.
Mary Kastner: And
Mary Kastner: They will tell you, give you the room number
Glen Jamison: Oh, it's very done just like this is
Glen Jamison: Mm hmm. Okay.
Mary Kastner: And so how you take this. You said you had about three or four left
Mary Kastner: Your three three or four left. Okay, so I'm going to give you enough then for five days.
Mary Kastner: And chai. See you next weekend group.
Mary Kastner: And how you take the film, very similar to the tablet, you would have a wet mouth before you take it put under your tongue.
Mary Kastner: Don't talk don't smoke.
Mary Kastner: Don't eat or drink until it's fully dissolved
Mary Kastner: What time of day or usually taking it.
Glen Jamison: 9am and 9pm. Okay. Sounds good to me.
Mary Kastner: If you have any side effects, please let me know.
Glen Jamison: Okay.
Mary Kastner: And so then the nice part of the group is you get, you know, kind of talk to other people with the same issue and we keep track of the surveys that we require and your urine drug screens.
Mary Kastner: I need you to get the labs done that we ordered for this initial visit
Glen Jamison: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Let me see if I can get this in for you.
Mary Kastner: Any questions for me.
Glen Jamison: Now,
Mary Kastner: So our goal is that you would not have cravings comfortable and you don't use non prescribed opiates.
Mary Kastner: Sound okay
Mary Kastner: Yeah. Okay. Are you comfortable now.
Mary Kastner: Yeah. Okay. Any cravings.
Mary Kastner: No. Okay. And as far as the length of treatment. I don't imagine it's going to be that long, we can lower it as we through the time and get you off entirely because it sounds like you're useless definitely related to a pain issue.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, so then addiction issue.
Mary Kastner: So, um, we'll, we'll go with the flow out usually like since you've been on it for about three years. Like you keep you on this about nine months, at least so we can prevent a relapse.
Mary Kastner: And then, you know, when you feel you want to lower the dose that know and we'll try it and see how you do.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: I'm just a rule of thumb, sometimes it takes about as long as you've been on the opiates.
Mary Kastner: For your brain to kind of get back to normal and feeling like your, your normal self without having those receptor sites sort of hyper stimulated.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so I will see you in group maybe tonight. It's up to, if you want to come tonight, but definitely next Monday you check in at 345 with the front desk and your medication has been sent in
Glen Jamison: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay. And if you don't have any further questions we can stop.
Glen Jamison: No. Not at the moment.
Mary Kastner: Okay, take care. Nice to meet you.
Glen Jamison: Thanks you as well. Bye.
Bye bye.
Mary Kastner: Cara.
Mary Kastner: Hello.
Mary Kastner: Hi, Kara.
Mary Kastner: Can you hear me. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Very always very, very poorly because of the
Mary Kastner: Problem you had with your phone I expected you at 945 what happened.
Kera Turner: The lady, the wrong number to join your room.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: That's weird.
Kera Turner: I can tell you what number. She gave me and it was for. I don't remember the name, but for somebody else, not you. And I just sat in a waiting room and I tried to go back to the
Kera Turner: To the like Secretary like waiting room area. Nobody answered. So I called him back, left the message and then they called me 515 minutes ago.
Mary Kastner: Okay, I'm gonna put in out
Kera Turner: About that.
Kera Turner: Yeah I don't know who it was, but
Kera Turner: Oh boy, that's
Mary Kastner: That's so much better care on your audio. One of the, what you did for a minute there. But it was good. I
Kera Turner: Put in headphones, because it has an external speaker.
Mary Kastner: Oh, keep it that way, please.
Kera Turner: Okay, yeah. She gave me a meeting ID of 6791464 or 583 I don't know who that is.
Kera Turner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Just make a note here, Kara. This is Kara Turner in 13158
Mary Kastner: Had an appointment at 945
Mary Kastner: Glad you're here.
Mary Kastner: And was given
Mary Kastner: And was given wrong zoom
Mary Kastner: Number. She waited in waiting room. How long do you think
Kera Turner: I waited in the waiting room with the wrong provider for like 10 minutes and then I waited in the waiting room of the like secretary or checking in, or whatever it is for another 10 minutes I took screenshots and everything that they can email them.
Mary Kastner: Okay, in front desk.
Kera Turner: And then I
Called
Kera Turner: Nobody answered when I called so I had to leave a voice message.
Mary Kastner: And then they finally put you in
Kera Turner: May called me back and asked me about labs and I asked them why they gave me the wrong information.
Kera Turner: Yeah, let me see. Okay, hang on, photos, let me see the person who's
Mary Kastner: Okay, so I'm sending this is the administrator and it was
Kera Turner: The Marshall.
Mary Kastner: Kathleen marsh. Okay. They
Kera Turner: Sent me to
Mary Kastner: Okay, I'm gonna make a note of that in case he comes back and asked me. So, how you doing,
Kera Turner: I'm hanging in there.
Kera Turner: I
Kera Turner: Basically am off almost all of my medications, because I took a trip and somehow left all of my medications, besides my as needed ones.
Kera Turner: And so I the and I was on a flight, all the way to LA and so I basically cold turkey off of all of my psych meds inadvertently
Kera Turner: And I didn't get a chance to start the lithium because we were trying to figure out where it went. It was supposed to go to Walmart, but I guess it was a Walgreens.
Kera Turner: And so we didn't know until Walgreens called like two weeks later and said, hey, we have these two prescriptions. Here the results you want. And the lithium 150 or whatever it was.
Kera Turner: And so my husband went and picked the lithium up but we weren't able to pay for the results because for some reason, it wasn't covered
Kera Turner: So we haven't picked up the results one yet, but I haven't started the lithium, just because I've been off of the Wellbutrin and off of the the rig zolty for pretty much a week now.
Okay.
Kera Turner: I feel
Kera Turner: Now I have it. I just haven't restarted it i i felt awful. And I'm like, I'm not sure if I should restart it at the levels that I was taking or if I should start it at more minimal levels or what I should do. I was waiting to speak with you.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Okey dokey, and you have the looking now.
Kera Turner: Yeah, I have all of it.
Mary Kastner: Okay, good.
Mary Kastner: So what I would do is I'd start the lithium. Okay.
Mary Kastner: A couple days.
Mary Kastner: And then you can restart.
Mary Kastner: Your other meds. Let me just take a look at the dosages to make sure it's okay to start at those dosages
Mary Kastner: And get your lab labs done for the lithium. We kept you started
Okay.
Mary Kastner: Appreciate your being responsible around all this
Kera Turner: Yeah, I only brought him the prize, the language me and then my Zocor in just my as needed medication. So I have those
Kera Turner: But I had everything separated into pill containers and then just completely just didn't put them in my bag. I don't know how that happened. But yeah, they just didn't wind up in my bag.
Kera Turner: And so for honestly like the past few days have been awful I've either been like sleeping, way, way, way, way, way too much, or I haven't been able to get to sleep until like three in the morning. It's been a nightmare been off my man.
Kera Turner: I just didn't I just didn't know where to start back up.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, so your depression level is what today 10 being the worst depression.
Kera Turner: You can
Kera Turner: I mean, it's pretty battle same between like an eight and nine.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and then anxiety.
Kera Turner: Really hi
Kera Turner: Joe I did it again.
Kera Turner: Literally just fell on the carpet.
Mary Kastner: What fell on the carpet.
Kera Turner: Oh my stupid vapor. The thing that I'm using to stop smoking.
Kera Turner: I dropped it in the glass, bro. Cuz it's like one thing after another.
Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Sons can have in my way here today.
Mary Kastner: So tell me,
Mary Kastner: Tell me.
Mary Kastner: I say, I would say, to date, go ahead and start your, your wealth you turn in the morning.
Mary Kastner: Can start to look him in the morning, how, how much statics you're taking
Kera Turner: I take the two milligrams twice daily and then a half tab at night. So it's basically five milligrams. So it's two in the morning to at three o'clock in the afternoon, and then one in the evening or one half in the evening. I'm sorry.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so what is your anxiety level today jumping or sings it.
Kera Turner: I'm
Kera Turner: It's hard because it's not it's not a mental thing, it's more of like a physical thing like it feels like physical like withdraw from all of my meds, you know, so
Mary Kastner: Yeah.
Kera Turner: I don't know. I see like a seven my my mid seven
Kera Turner: It hasn't kicked in yet for me anyway.
Mary Kastner: Okay, okay. And you pain today.
Kera Turner: Yeah, and I haven't been to the pain specialist, yet they canceled my first appointment and their next appointment is for a while on being able to get hooked up with the new pain specialist. So I'm out pain medication to
Mary Kastner: What's your pain medicine.
Kera Turner: It's the oxy oxy koto koto not quote unquote own
Kera Turner: oxy cotton 10 milligram. And then I take it three times daily
Mary Kastner: So last time you took
Kera Turner: At least a week week and a half ago.
Kera Turner: There's some days writing really good and I don't. I only need maybe one sometimes two, but for the most part I wind up taking what's prescribed but
Kera Turner: If I feel like I don't need it. I won't take it because it makes me nauseous.
Mary Kastner: Ok ok ok so I would start the lithium at night one
Mary Kastner: Night and then once you get your, your level in a week.
Mary Kastner: Start the Wellbutrin in the morning.
Kera Turner: After the week of lithium.
Mary Kastner: Chapter week of Linda Lithium. Lithium bloodwork done
Kera Turner: No, I know you're saying, Do I start the one before and after a week.
Mary Kastner: No, no, started now.
When in the morning. Hey,
Mary Kastner: And then the resulting in two days. You can start it.
Kera Turner: Okay.
Kera Turner: Okay, I'm coming.
Kera Turner: Or
Kera Turner: A refill on the 10th of
Kera Turner: The Enterprise Alam
Mary Kastner: Okay, and the 10th, you need to refill.
Kera Turner: Verify that when I'm pretty sure that's the day that I've been yeah 110 20 so that was last build
Mary Kastner: And you get it for how many
Kera Turner: I get it for a month.
Kera Turner: So set so 75 tabs. I get it for a month at a time.
Kera Turner: But I was told to I need to switch it over to the site doctor that I'm seeing because it's just my primary right now who is filling it in the interim, he says, get it done by us, like Dr.
Mary Kastner: Okay. And are you seeing a site. Dr. Other than us.
Kera Turner: Know that's you.
Kera Turner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay, I'm going to just put in medications that
Mary Kastner: You're on.
Mary Kastner: We have a Marlin and narrative.
Kera Turner: OK, I see.
Kera Turner: In the list. Yeah, that would be
Kera Turner: That makes more sense.
Mary Kastner: I don't want to monkey with the Xanax right now because we're starting some other things. But in the future, I would like to see us be able to lower that dose and we might be able to get your mood more stabilized.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: If the two milligram tablet taken it twice a day with have one in bed time
Kera Turner: So yes, basically total of five milligrams a day.
Kera Turner: Sorry, I'm studying down so I can open something
Mary Kastner: And you said times that you're
Taking it
Kera Turner: Like what time of day.
Kera Turner: Now,
Kera Turner: At three and then right before I go to bed.
Mary Kastner: mid afternoon.
Mary Kastner: And one half.
Kera Turner: At bedtime, ah,
Mary Kastner: You get 75
Kera Turner: Yeah, a month.
Mary Kastner: And they Wal Mart pharmacy is where you want to go. I don't know how it wound up at Walgreens.
Kera Turner: Walmart is no
Kera Turner: 29 yeah
Kera Turner: Main Street. Yeah, okay.
Mary Kastner: So I'm trying to get this to Walmart. Now, I don't know why it did that before Walmart main
Mary Kastner: And then we're going to try the other ones son is really into my face here.
Kera Turner: That's okay.
Mary Kastner: Love the sun but
Mary Kastner: It's like a mini angel coming down.
Kera Turner: Sort of feels like today, it's been crazy around here.
Mary Kastner: Any thoughts or putting yourself or anybody else.
Know,
Kera Turner: That just very, very gross and out of it and down and just crappy
Kera Turner: So zero energy, like I said, either just
Kera Turner: Lying around feeling like I can't do anything. But, you know, anxious to do something.
But
Kera Turner: Or just sleeping all the time.
Mary Kastner: All the time here. Okay, so this is curator, Mr in 3158 we started I believe around 1130
Mary Kastner: She had an earlier appointment, but some trouble with the front desk, but she hung in there and we were eventually connected and
Mary Kastner: She gives a reporter feeling morose and energetic is had difficult because she went to LA for a week and forgot her meds, except for PR and meds for stomach entering any meds.
Mary Kastner: So she never got her medication that I ordered LAST WEEK BECAUSE IT WENT TO WALGREENS instead of Walmart, for some reason.
Mary Kastner: She hasn't started anything because she didn't know if she should start at full strength after regaining all of our medic routine medications or depression is nine out of 10 today anxiety seven out of 10 and pain is
Mary Kastner: Actually show it says anxieties more internal anxiety, like a physical feeling
Mary Kastner: She. What is your pain number today cura
Kera Turner: I'd say
Mary Kastner: Six out of 10
Mary Kastner: She had some trouble cancer pain program appointment was cancelled and she has to wait a while to get another one. She had been on oxy code on 10 milligrams T ID.
Mary Kastner: When she has a flare up at this pain. She's the need of a Xanax refill, which will do with an eventual plan of taper.
Mary Kastner: For mental status exam, you know, today's date.
Kera Turner: Today's date.
Mm hmm.
Kera Turner: I believe today is
Kera Turner: Actually
The month
Kera Turner: Yeah, it's February. I think it's either the third or the fourth
Mary Kastner: Okay, it's the third
Mary Kastner: Any trouble with both
Mary Kastner: focus and concentration
Kera Turner: A little bit. But I mean, nothing that would, you know, signifying you no harm or anything, it's just
Kera Turner: Just
Mary Kastner: Tired and kind of out of it and getting in the shower. Okay, by yourself and dressing by yourself.
Mary Kastner: Yeah okay so functional finding independent content finding oriented.
Mary Kastner: No evidence, memory loss short term, short or long term attention concentration pure do not appear compromised and mood and aspect as described a bit. I would say depressed and anxious and Africa's Congress fear state at age normal grooming.
Mary Kastner: Actually on time when she got into the zoom room appropriately.
Mary Kastner: Thought process appropriate for age and development normal content logical non tangential know hallucinations, delusions any feeling, feeling of being out of your body are things you're not real.
Kera Turner: No.
Mary Kastner: Inside and self reflection on today's issues not known as normal psychic impression low
Mary Kastner: suicide risk remains low
Mary Kastner: Any new medical problems.
Kera Turner: No.
Mary Kastner: Breathing okay no feeling of flu or cold and you said you're vaporizing how often
Kera Turner: I believe every day, but I've been decreasing the nicotine amount. So it's been like a gradual decrease the little. The next step is to hit a zero percent nicotine level which is as soon as this, the bottle that I have the small bottle that I have this hour is your percent nicotine so
Mary Kastner: Good, good. So I'm just going to enter these
Mary Kastner: Now, did you, you were gonna, I think you were gonna put together a list of medicines, you are you had tried
Kera Turner: And didn't
Kera Turner: owe you. Yeah, that's right. The easiest thing for me to do is just to look back through Kaiser records or ask a Kaiser doctor to, like, because I don't know if I can see what they used to prescribe I can only see what they prescribe now.
Kera Turner: But I might be able to have a doctor just pull up what has been prescribed before in the past, and that would probably be the easiest way to do it.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, and then just calling the front desk and
Kera Turner: For me, okay.
Mary Kastner: But right now, you're on the vitamin D.
Correct.
Mary Kastner: I'm just going to enter these so I get him right
Mary Kastner: Why is this not
Mary Kastner: Showing. Oh, there we go.
Mary Kastner: Vitamin
Mary Kastner: Is you thought it was a d two
Mary Kastner: And yeah dosage.
Kera Turner: Yeah, it's a 50,000 unit capsule.
Mary Kastner: Okay. How often are you taking him.
Kera Turner: On once a day.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and then
Mary Kastner: Add around so correct
Kera Turner: Yeah, three times a day.
Mary Kastner: Are you always taking it three times a day.
Kera Turner: There's occasionally times. Like, I don't have to go somewhere and I don't have to like drive or anything that I won't need to take it, but it just makes me really tired like I have to make dinner. If I have to be up at all, then yeah, I have to take it because the idiopathic hyper Samia.
Mary Kastner: What's, what's milligram on
Kera Turner: A tin.
Mary Kastner: Tin Can you think it's often
Three times a day.
Mary Kastner: But not always. And then
Mary Kastner: Cynical honor doc suppan
Kera Turner: I don't know what that is.
Mary Kastner: I thought you said you took a cynic. One night for sleep.
Mary Kastner: No excuse me singularity can't read my
Kera Turner: Color. Yeah, that's for my breathing. Right.
Mary Kastner: Is it a capsule or
Kera Turner: It's just a tablet.
Mary Kastner: And what's the dosage on that.
Kera Turner: Singular 10 milligram
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: imitrex is a PRN
Kera Turner: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: As you need it.
Yeah.
Mary Kastner: When you have a migraine or
Kera Turner: How often you yes
Take that
Kera Turner: Not very at all.
Mary Kastner: And what is it a kit user
Kera Turner: It's just a. It's like, yeah, it's just a tablet.
Mary Kastner: And you know the dose.
Kera Turner: The image tracks is 25 milligram
Okay.
Mary Kastner: Lyrica
Kera Turner: That was twice a day. I am down to one a day now.
Kera Turner: 75 milligram
Mary Kastner: And then requip. Are you still using that. Yeah.
Kera Turner: Nighttime for restless legs.
Mary Kastner: You know the doses.
Kera Turner: Gosh requip
Kera Turner: I don't remember.
Kera Turner: Okay, I know it's I know it's a low dose.
Kera Turner: Oh yeah, three milligrams
Mary Kastner: Okay. And have you had any bloodwork done lately.
Kera Turner: I'm not super lately. No, but I know like semi recently. Yes.
Mary Kastner: You might want to ask to get
Mary Kastner: copy that and give it to the front desk or sinus release information to get it.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: And the method is all you said was a thyroid
Kera Turner: Met them as well. Yeah, thyroid and I was on 10 now I'm on five milligrams
Mary Kastner: And you know how to spell that
Kera Turner: In e th
Kera Turner: A no i th AZ le
Kera Turner: It's like mess. I am AZ Oh, Ellie.
Mary Kastner: Coming up in the th I
Kera Turner: Yeah.
Kera Turner: mashie is much
Do
Kera Turner: Me see
Mary Kastner: Oh, I've got it. I got it. I found it.
Kera Turner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: You know,
Mary Kastner: Know the dosage on that.
Kera Turner: Yeah, like I said, it used to be 10 but we dropped it down to five.
Mary Kastner: Okay and ibuprofen 800 as you need it.
Kera Turner: Yeah, I usually get 60 a month.
Mary Kastner: Don't want to use that with the team.
Okay.
Kera Turner: Like at all, or just not together.
Mary Kastner: At all. Okay. Just continue it. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: And then you have a tour doll spritz
Mm hmm.
Mary Kastner: And
Mary Kastner: 15 or 30
Kera Turner: You see,
Kera Turner: Us to be kept in the fridge.
Kera Turner: It.
Kera Turner: Says 15.75 per spray
Mary Kastner: C code on tend to
Mary Kastner: As needed
Kera Turner: Yeah, it's prescribed for three days. So I get 90 a month.
Kera Turner: But it's been a while since I've had it. That's probably another reason why I haven't felt is
Kera Turner: Is active and stuff because I've kind of been stationary and pain with my back.
Mary Kastner: And you don't know when that next appointments gonna be
Kera Turner: They said that they would call me the earliest that they if they had an opening sooner but the earliest with the beginning of March.
Mary Kastner: And what we doing in LA.
Kera Turner: I was actually gonna go to the Grammys
Mary Kastner: Wow, how could you get into them.
Kera Turner: A friend of mine is a music producer and so he was able to get a group of 20 people into not the actual Grammys themselves but into like the gifting suite which is where like the people
Kera Turner: Come and get their awards and then like a couple other places. He had a meet and greet for himself and just a bunch of like little like after parties, things like that. So,
Kera Turner: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: OK, that's it. But she didn't go
Kera Turner: No I wins. We just things like got all hectic and he had moved the location first meet and greet and some of its got canceled. Something's got moved some things were too far for us to get to, you know, via Uber and stuff so we won't have only go into a couple of things.
Mary Kastner: Okay and I'm putting in the bag and now it's at 100 milligram
Yeah.
Kera Turner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Good. We got all of those in. So, um,
Mary Kastner: So as far as no complaints physically today other than the pain.
Kera Turner: Yeah, no I willing yeah reading now.
Mary Kastner: And so the assessment continues to be
Mary Kastner: Chronic pain syndrome.
Mary Kastner: bipolar illness.
Mary Kastner: And
Mary Kastner: Nicotine use disorder mild
Mary Kastner: PTSD with mild
Mary Kastner: agoraphobia. Boy, you got out and did that. That's amazing.
Yeah, was
Kera Turner: About my pills.
Mary Kastner: Yeah idiopathic insomnia.
Kera Turner: Hyper Samia.
Mary Kastner: Called it
Idiopathic
Kera Turner: Mm hmm.
Mary Kastner: So, or another name for that. It's an Article X up see
Mary Kastner: So today we entered all of the medications that you're on into your Medalist. Did you ever sign a release for the for the labs.
Kera Turner: I should have. But if I didn't, I can do that.
Mary Kastner: I can look and see, and then we're going to start the lithium. Finally, and
Mary Kastner: Two days.
Mary Kastner: The resulting in a week, you're going to get your labs.
Mary Kastner: We I asked for you to get a therapist to start up your PTSD assessment and I've asked you to come to mental health group on Mondays and that's at seven.
Mary Kastner: OK, I will be in that group.
Mary Kastner: Next Monday, and that's how you'll see me. You can follow up on how all these medications work for you.
Mary Kastner: So you can you
Mary Kastner: Can call in at 645 they will give you the room number because it's a
Kera Turner: Different number. Gotcha. Okay.
Mary Kastner: And today we feel
Kera Turner: Okay, well I've asked
Mary Kastner: You to stop the, I mean,
Kera Turner: Yeah, I won't take the
Kera Turner: Dollar. Yeah, okay.
Kera Turner: That's fine.
Mary Kastner: So that's our plan for today. Any questions for me.
Kera Turner: Yeah, what day do I pick up Xanax, because I have to make like a whole trip into town and my husband in the town.
Mary Kastner: You have to call them. I have no
Mary Kastner: Contact when they fill it. I just said.
Kera Turner: But it did go to Walmart Walgreens.
Mary Kastner: That's it, did the first time too. So I don't know what happened. Yeah. Um, so I have a release of information in here for that's invalid. It says, so call back in and asked for.
Mary Kastner: To sign a release of information for Kaiser to get your psychiatric records and your current labs.
Kera Turner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay dokey. Kara.
Mary Kastner: Oh, see you Monday.
Mary Kastner: The 10th at group, you'll sign in at 645
Kera Turner: So, not today.
Mary Kastner: Well, yeah, definitely. You can come today just to meet everybody but I've seen you today. So you and I, you know, our businesses team, but you can definitely come to group. It's next week, I will be in there as well.
Mary Kastner: And that's okay. Follow up on your Start of the lithium because I'm going to be out at the end of the month for a couple weeks and I want to make sure we add the right dose of lithium.
Kera Turner: Okay, yeah, I should be able to, but I think I have to ask my husband. I think my daughter has something going on at her school. I'm just not sure what time. So that's why I asked about tonight.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, tonight is not as important, by any means it's next month.
Mary Kastner: Okay, okay, nice to see you, Karen, thanks for
Kera Turner: Your appointment and I did. I did.
Kera Turner: Send a note out to
Mary Kastner: Our ministry to find out what
Kera Turner: Happened.
Kera Turner: Okay, yeah. Like I said, I screen I have screenshots of all of it too. They need to see that so
Mary Kastner: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Yeah. I told them that. Yeah.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay, nice to talk to you.
Mary Kastner: You take care
Bye bye.